MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 uiarc Component System Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

MIT Lisansı

Telif Hakkı (c) 2025 uiarc Bileşen Sistemi Katkıda Bulunanlar

İşbu vesileyle, bu yazılımın ve ilişkili dokümantasyon dosyalarının ("Yazılım") 
bir kopyasını elde eden herhangi bir kişiye, Yazılım'ı kullanma, kopyalama, 
değiştirme, birleştirme, yayınlama, dağıtma, alt lisanslama ve/veya satma 
hakları da dahil olmak üzere kısıtlama olmaksızın Yazılım'da işlem yapma izni 
ücretsiz olarak verilir ve Yazılım'ın sağlandığı kişilerin aşağıdaki koşullara 
uyması şartıyla:

Yukarıdaki telif hakkı bildirimi ve bu izin bildirimi, Yazılım'ın tüm 
kopyalarına veya önemli bölümlerine dahil edilmelidir.

YAZILIM "OLDUĞU GİBİ" SAĞLANIR, TİCARİ ELVERİŞLİLİK, BELİRLİ BİR AMACA 
UYGUNLUK VE İHLAL ETMEME GARANTİLERİ DAHİL ANCAK BUNLARLA SINIRLI OLMAMAK 
ÜZERE AÇIK VEYA ZIMNİ HİÇBİR GARANTİ VERİLMEZ. HİÇBİR DURUMDA YAZARLAR VEYA 
TELİF HAKKI SAHİPLERİ, YAZILIM'DAN VEYA YAZILIM'IN KULLANIMI VEYA DİĞER 
İŞLEMLERİNDEN KAYNAKLANAN SÖZLEŞME, HAKSIZ FİİL VEYA DİĞER EYLEMLERDEN 
DOĞAN HERHANGİ BİR İDDİA, HASAR VEYA DİĞER YÜKÜMLÜLÜKLERDEN SORUMLU OLMAYACAKTIR.